This is a mirror of http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=5183

This plugin is host on github(https://github.com/gisphm/vim-gitignore).
It provides syntax highlighting and code snippets from github's gitignore.
It is forked from gitiginore.vim(http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=4568).
The difference is that this plugin's snippets support more snippet engines.

1. Requirements
For using code snippets you should install snipMate, neosnippet, or ultisnips first.

2. Snippets Usage

vim-gitignore contains a set of snippets. To use snippets, just open your .gitignore file, type in proper snippet name (for example, Python, or Vim) and press <Tab> key or other key defined in your vimrc, which will expand snippets.

3. Alternative Option

You can alse follow gitignore.io to generate .gitignore file in your project.

4. Snippets List

actionscript,ada,agda,android,appceleratortitanium,appcode,archives,
archlinuxpackages,autotools,bancha,basercms,bower,bricxcc,c,c++,cakephp,
cfwheels,chefcookbook,clojure,cloud9,cmake,codeigniter,codekit,commonlisp,
compass,composer,concrete5,coq,cvs,dart,darteditor,delphi,django,dotsettings,
dreamweaver,drupal,eagle,eclipse,elasticbeanstalk,elisp,elixir,emacs,ensime,
episerver,erlang,espresso,expressionengine,fancy,finale,flexbuilder,forcedotcom,
freepascal,fuelphp,gcov,go,gradle,grails,gwt,haskell,intellij,java,jboss,jekyll,
jetbrains,joe,joomla,justcode,jython,kate,kdevelop4,kohana,komodoedit,laravel,
latex,lazarus,leiningen,lemonstand,lilypond,linux,lithium,magento,matlab,maven,
mercurial,meteor,modelsim,monodevelop,nanoc,netbeans,node,notepadpp,objective-c,
ocaml,opa,opencart,openfoam,oracleforms,osx,perl,ph7cms,phpstorm,playframework,
plone,prestashop,processing,pycharm,python,qooxdoo,qt,quartus2,r,rails,redcar,
rhodesrhomobile,ros,ruby,rubymine,rubymotion,sass,sbt,scala,scrivener,sdcc,
seamgen,senchatouch,silverstripe,sketchup,stella,sublimetext,sugarcrm,svn,
symfony,symfony2,symphonycms,tags,target3001,tarmainstallmate,tasm,tex,textmate,
textpattern,turbogears2,typo3,unity,vagrant,vim,virtualenv,visualstudio,vvvv,
waf,wakanda,webmethods,webstorm,windows,wordpress,xamarinstudio,xcode,xilinxise,
yeoman,yii,zendframework

If you find that the snippets are not keeping up with the gitignore repo, you can manually execute the script rebuild-snippets to rebuild snippets.
